### Description:
All datasets listed in this folder are called in by AppendixAnalyses_and_Figures.R to generate the figures and analyses found in the Supplementary Material. 

### Objective 1 Datasets Overview:
- *aggDF.ves0.1_app.csv*: contains percentile summaries (2.5%, 50%, 97.5%) for selected variables, aggregated from the 100 csv files when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is lower.
- *aggDF.ves0.55_app.csv*: contains percentile summaries (2.5%, 50%, 97.5%) for selected variables, aggregated from the 100 csv files when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is higher.
- *df.vs.susc0.1_other.etiologies.sens.high.csv*: contains variables sampled at the point of highest epidemic growth across different prevalences of COVID-like symptoms due to other etiologies (0.05, 0.1, 0.15, 0.2) when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is lower. Sampled data comes from 100 epidemic realizations.
- *df.vs.susc0.1_withTimeAnalysis.csv*: contains symptomatic vaccine effectiveness estimates when accounting for time and the corresponding statistical model coefficients required to create those estimates (2.5%, 50%, 97.5%) when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is lower. Sampled data comes from 100 epidemic realizations. 
- *df.vs.susc0.55_other.etiologies.sens.high.csv*: contains variables sampled at the point of highest epidemic growth across different prevalences of COVID-like symptoms due to other etiologies (0.05, 0.1, 0.15, 0.2) when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is higher. Sampled data comes from 100 epidemic realizations.
- *df.vs.susc0.55_withTimeAnalysis.csv*: contains symptomatic vaccine effectiveness estimates when accounting for time and the corresponding statistical model coefficients required to create those estimates (2.5%, 50%, 97.5%) when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is higher. Sampled data comes from 100 epidemic realizations.
- *df.ves0.1_highChange.peak.csv*: contains variables sampled at the point of highest epidemic growth and at the epidemic peak, compiled from each of the 100 csv files when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is lower.
- *df.ves0.1_testSens.csv*: contains variables sampled at the point of highest epidemic growth and at the epidemic peak, compiled from each of the 100 csv files when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is lower. These simulations include scenarios with varying test sensitivity.
- *df.ves0.55_highChange.peak.csv*: contains variables sampled at the point of highest epidemic growth and at the epidemic peak, compiled from each of the 100 csv files when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is higher.
- *df.ves0.1_testSens.csv*: contains variables sampled at the point of highest epidemic growth and at the epidemic peak, compiled from each of the 100 csv files when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is higher. These simulations include scenarios with varying test sensitivity.

### Objective 2 Datasets Overview (datasets in the *sens.analyses* folder):
- *df.ve.susc.0.1_prob.trans.sens* and *df.ve.susc.0.55_prob.trans.sens*: contain percentile summaries (2.5%, 50%, 97.5%) for selected variables across different probabilities of transmission (0.03, 0.05, 0.07, 0.09,0.11) when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is lower and higher, respectively. Note that *df.ve.susc.0.55_prob.trans.sens* does not include data for a transmission probability of 0.03.
- *df.ve.susc.0.1_prob.trans.sens_highchange*: contains the median value of selected variables at the point of highest epidemic growth across different probabilities of transmission (0.03, 0.05, 0.07, 0.09,0.11) when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is lower.
- *df.ve.susc.0.1_ve.infect.sens* and *df.ve.susc.0.55_ve.infect.sens*: contain percentile summaries for selected variables (2.5%, 50%, 97.5%) across different levels of vaccine efficacy against infectiousness (0.1, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, 0.9) when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is lower and higher, respectively. 
- *df.ve.susc.0.1_ve.infect.sens_highchange*: contains the median value of selected variables at the point of highest epidemic growth across different levels of vaccine efficacy against infectiousness (0.1, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, 0.9) when vaccine efficacy against susceptibility is lower.
- *df.ve.susc.sens*: contains percentile summaries for selected variables (2.5%, 50%, 97.5%) across different levels of vaccine efficacy against susceptibility (0.1, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, 0.9). 
- *df.ve.susc.sens_highchange*: contains the median value of selected variables at the point of highest epidemic growth across different levels of vaccine efficacy against susceptibility (0.1, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, 0.9). 
